Hey there. It's Nichole Kellerman, founder
and creator of SuccessfulWeightLossSchool.com;
where women go to stop dieting, reshape their
bodies and feel widly alive.
Okay. So today is our third part of a 3-part
series on emotional eating. In the first video, Emotional Eating
I talked about how to stop a craving in the
moment of the craving. In video two, I taught
you the Food Freedome Technique to prevent
the food cravings. And today, I'm gonna be
talking about the physical addiction when
it comes to emotional eating.
If you haven't seen those two other videos,
they're right here if you want to check them
out. I highly suggest you do.
So today I'm gonna be talking to you about
the physical addiction when it comes to emotional
cravings.
So, when we're in our really highly stressful
or emotional time in our life, like say you're
going through a divorce, doing a big move,
or God forbidden one of your family members
passes away, we tend to turn to food for comfort.
I'm just as guilty as you. It's totally normal;
nothing to be shameful about. And so what
happens is after the emotional stage has done
passed, we then create a physical addiction
to the food.
For example (this is totally me), is I'm going
through a highly emotional situation, ice
cream - I said it before, is tends to be my
Emotional Eatingguilty food. And so say, I reach to the ice
cream usually at 7 o'clock almost every single
night.
I have found that you can create a physical
addiction in under 4 days. I then move passed
the stress on day 5. Then on the 7 o'clock
hit, and I'm like, "I want some ice cream."
So to know longer on emotional craving, is
a physical addiction. After you watch those
two other videos that I taught you, I want
you to really figure out if it's emotional
craving or it's a physical addiction from
an emotional craving in the past.
This is what I want you to do if it's a physical
addiction -- I need you to distract your brain. Emotional Eating
They tell people who are trying to quit smoking
all the time. It's super easy. You can go
outside and take a walk. You can go for take
a bath. You can write in your journal. You
can do a little dance party. Get that energy
out of your system. You can call a friend.
Anything.
When my step mom was trying to quit smoking,
she told me she had a big dining table. And
she said that every time she had a craving
on cigarette, she would just lapse around
the dining room table until the craving went
away. Brilliant. That's all you need to do
if it's a physical addiction. Emotional Eating
You need to make sure that it's not emotional
and if it is, you go to the processes and
use the techniques and formula that I gave
you in the last two videos. But if it's physical,
all you need to do is distract your brain. Emotional Eating